Finalise release notes for 6.15 (#40902)
mantidproject/mantid: docs/source/release/v6.15.0/index.rst

Mantid 6.15.0 Release Notes
===========================

.. figure:: ../../images/6_15_release/mantid_6_15.png
   :class: screenshot
   :width: 385px
   :align: right

.. contents:: Table of Contents
   :local:

We are proud to announce version 6.15.0 of Mantid.

Key features of this release include:

- The new Instrument View has had several updates; read about them in the :doc:`Mantid Workbench <mantidworkbench>` release notes. This feature is still being developed and new features will be coming to the nightly.
- The :ref:`Engineering Diffraction interface<Engineering_Diffraction-ref>` has two new tabs, ``Absorption Correction`` and ``Texture``. Read more about the work on texture in the :doc:`Diffraction <diffraction>` release notes.

> - Lots up updates have been made to the :ref:`algm-AlignAndFocusPowderSlim`; see the :doc:`Diffraction <diffraction>` and :doc:`Framework <framework>` release notes for details.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Several updates have been made to the :ref:`algm-AlignAndFocusPowderSlim`; see the :doc:`Diffraction <diffraction>` and :doc:`Framework <framework>` release notes for details.
```
I think there is a typo here in `Lots up`, but should we say `Several updates`?
